Merging relnotes for v0.9.1909.3002 (#528)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/install-guide/index.md

title: Learn how to install the Microsoft Quantum Development Kit (QDK)
author: natke
ms.author: nakersha

> ms.date: 9//2019

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 9/30/2019
```

        - Go to **Debug** -> **Start Without Debugging**
        - You should see the following text in the output window `Hello quantum world!`

> [!NOTE]

> > * If you have multiple projects within one VS Code workspace, all projects contained in the workspace need to be in the same folder as the solution, or in one of its subfolders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * Workspaces with multiple root folders are not currently supported by the Visual Studio Code extension. If you have multiple projects within one VS Code workspace, all projects need to be contained within the same root folder.
```
